Yes, that's true,
But after Lin Yin was the head of the family,
One girl didn't get it, and our second roommate could only support Lin Shi.
In order for Lin Shi to survive, I am willing to live like this old face,
Take home the title of master.
The second uncle didn't come today. Can what you said represent the second uncle and the Lin family?
Otherwise, on such an important occasion today,
Lin'er didn't even dare to show up in person.
He also wants to take the position of head of the family,
Execution forgets, right.
Does he need to do this in person for such a trivial matter, everyone?
What important things will Lin Jia do in the future?
Just follow the instructions directly
What do you mean
As long as Yaner receives the project
You will never ask for more from now on
As long as he can receive twenty-one's fixed sword
I'm naturally convinced
twenty salt
How could I possibly get twenty?
You are trying to trick me
This twenty salt
I'm afraid you should add your husband to it.
plus wood poplar
You will never be able to prove the truth in this life, right?
What I left was the group announcement
As long as Ling Twelfth Room
I will be the head of the Lingjia family
Justhe Lingshe Group
Twenty-one orders placed in Ling Nian
You can't pick up Xiao
Or take the position of head of the family?
Let me mix Lingji Lingji Lingji
There are also business leaders asking for help
Global chambers of commerce attended
Quan Xiang's only son
Thought about analyzing the omnidirectional position
How could these two business tycoons
Come here, Miss Lin
My father admires your ability very much
Interested in cooperating with you
This is a tens of billions project contract
as long as you want
We can sign immediately now.
This is from the National Chamber of Commerce meeting
invitation letter
meeting
Will open in three months
Just know it is
I hope you can write about your family
Let's fight together
Ten billion projects
This leader of the family is
Fei Lingyan is so beautiful
Can still participate
National Chamber of Commerce Conference
I worked hard for most of the seat
I didn't even mention that I would go to you.